# Groq Software License Agreement for GroqFlow

PLEASE READ THIS GROQ SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT"). BY ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND YOUR COMPANY (“LICENSEE”) AND LICENSEE AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT.

IF YOU ARE NOT SO AUTHORIZED OR LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

GroqFlow™ software for download to Licensees may include source code, updates provided by Groq, and any related documentation and other materials (collectively, the code, documentation and other materials are referred to herein as the "GroqFlow Software"). Except as expressly indicated herein, all terms and conditions of this Agreement apply to all of GroqFlow Software.

Except as expressly set forth herein, Groq owns all of GroqFlow Software and makes it available to Licensee only under the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Groq hereby grants to Licensee a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable limited copyright license to install and use a reasonable number of copies of GroqFlow Software on computers owned or controlled by Licensee for the sole purpose of developing and testing Licensee-developed software models for execution on GroqChip™ processors and devices containing GroqChip processors (“Permitted Use”) in accordance with the applicable terms herein.

The following additional terms apply to the specific type of GroqFlow Software:

Source Code. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Groq hereby grants to Licensee a royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable limited copyright license to use and modify GroqFlow Software in source code format provided by Groq solely in accordance with the Permitted Use. Licensee shall retain any copyright rights in and to any modifications to the source code portions of the GroqFlow Software that are made by Licensee as permitted by this Agreement subject to Groq’s ownership of the underlying GroqFlow Software and all intellectual property rights therein.

Third Party Code. Certain code, documentation or other materials distributed in connection with GroqFlowSoftware may originate from third-party licensors and be licensed to Licensee pursuant to separate terms and conditions that appear upon installation, acceptance, or activation of GroqFlow Software or are contained or described in the corresponding release notes or other documentation or header or source files. Such third party code, documentation or other materials may be subject to the terms of open source or free software licenses. Licensee agrees to carefully review and abide by the terms and conditions of these licenses to the extent that they govern such third party code, documentation or other materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as between Groq and Licensee, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and if not prohibited by any such third-party licenses, all such third party code, documentation or other materials shall be deemed covered under the terms set forth in the paragraphs entitled No Warranty, Limitation of Liability and Applicable Law and Jurisdiction under this Agreement.

Notices. Licensee agrees to comply with and reproduce any and all copyright and other attribution notices/instructions of Groq as included in GroqFlow Software in connection with Licensee’s distribution rights pursuant to the Agreement.

No Other Rights. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, any license to GroqFlow Software specifically does not include the granting to Licensee of any license or right to use any other Groq intellectual property rights, express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise and Groq reserves all rights not specifically granted under this Agreement.

Intellectual Property Rights. GroqFlow Software is licensed, not sold, to Licensee and can only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Groq and its licensors’ own all right, title, and interest in and to GroqFlow Software, including all copies thereof. Licensee agrees to report to Groq all bugs Licensee encounters with GroqFlow Software or GroqChip processors and Licensee agrees that Groq will have the right to use, without attribution or compensation to Licensee, all feedback (of any nature) which Groq receives or otherwise obtains from Licensee to improve, enhance or modify GroqFlow Software, GroqChip processors or otherwise. If Licensee provides to Groq any ideas, feedback, suggestions or recommendations regarding GroqFlow Software or GroqChip processors, including without limitation bug fix feedback, (the “Feedback”), Licensee acknowledge and agree that all such Feedback is provided by Licensee on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis and Licensee grants to Groq a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, fully paid-up, irrevocable license, with the right to sublicense through multiple levels of sub-licensees, to incorporate, disclose and use without limitation the Feedback in GroqFlow Software and any future versions of GroqFlow Software, GroqChip processors or for any other purpose. All inventions, modifications and improvements to GroqFlow Software and GroqChip processors conceived of or made by Groq that are based, either in whole or in part, on Licensee’s Feedback are the exclusive property of Groq, and all right, title and interest will vest solely in Groq.

Term and Termination. This Agreement is effective until (i) automatically terminated if Licensee fails to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; or (ii) terminated by Groq. Groq may terminate this Agreement (and with it, all of Licensee’s right to GroqFlow Software) immediately upon written notice (which may include email) to Licensee, with or without cause; provided however, that sublicenses of Modifications, to the extent validly granted to its customers prior to termination of this Agreement, shall survive such termination. If Licensee commences or participates in any legal proceeding against Groq, then Groq may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate all license grants and any other rights provided under this Agreement during the pendency of such legal proceedings. Upon termination, Licensee shall immediately stop using and destroy all copies of GroqFlow Software.

Confidential Information. Unless covered by separate non-disclosure agreement executed by the Parties covering the specific subject matter of this Agreement, each party acknowledges that all information and materials which come into the receiving Party’s possession or knowledge in connection with this Agreement and which is marked, identified, or accepted as confidential or proprietary, or may be deemed confidential or proprietary by its nature or by the circumstances of its disclosure (“Confidential Information”), consists of confidential or proprietary information the improper disclosure or use of which will be damaging to disclosing party. Specifically and without limitation, GroqFlow Software shall constitute Confidential Information, whether or not so marked and whether or not provided under this Agreement. The receiving Party agrees to hold all Confidential Information in confidence, using the same amount of diligence in preserving its secrecy as the diligence used in preserving the secrecy of the receiving Party’s own valuable confidential information, but in no event less than reasonable diligence. The receiving Party agrees to disclose Confidential Information only to those of its employees and third party suppliers having a need to know and who are parties to nondisclosure agreements containing terms at least as stringent as those contained herein. The receiving Party shall not disclose Confidential Information to any third party or use Confidential Information other than for the performance of this Agreement. Licensee agrees that, to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, Licensee will not modify, reverse engineer, reverse-compile, reverse assemble, synthesize or in any way use GroqFlow Software or other Confidential Information to facilitate or aid in the design or debugging of a component, chip, reference system, semiconductor device, or integrated circuit whether for internal consumption or open market sale, or for any other purpose inconsistent with this Agreement.

No Support. Groq has no obligation to support or to continue providing or updating any of GroqFlow Software.

No Warranty. GROQFLOW SOFTWARE PROVIDED BY GROQ TO LICENSEE HEREUNDER IS PROVIDED "AS IS." GROQ DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

Limitation of Liability. GROQ SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE, LICENSEE’S CUSTOMERS, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY CLAIMING THROUGH OR UNDER LICENSEE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, INCOME, SAVINGS, OR ANY OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT OR BASED ON A WARRANTY), EVEN IF GROQ HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. IN NO EVENT SHALL GROQ’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY CLAIMING THROUGH OR UNDER LICENSEE EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF MONEY ACTUALLY PAID BY LICENSEE TO GROQ FOR GROQFLOW SOFTWARE.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be construed pursuant to, the laws of the State of California. The state and/or federal courts residing in Santa Clara County, California shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute or claim arising out of this Agreement. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically disclaimed.

Restricted Rights Notice. GroqFlow Software is deemed to be commercial computer software as defined in FAR 12.212 and subject to restricted rights as defined in FAR Section 52.227-19 "Commercial Computer Software License - Restricted Rights" and DFARS 227.7202, “Rights in Commercial Computer Software License or Commercial Computer Software License Documentation”, as applicable, and any successor regulations. Any use, modification, reproduction release, performance, display or disclosure of GroqFlow Software by the U.S. Government shall be solely in accordance with the terms of this License Agreement.

Export Regulation. Licensee acknowledges that GroqFlow Software and related technical data and services (collectively "Controlled Technology") are subject to the import and export laws of the United States, specifically the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), and the laws of any country where Controlled Technology is imported or re-exported. Licensee agrees to comply with all relevant laws and will not export any Controlled Technology in contravention to U.S. law nor to any prohibited country, entity, or person for which an export license or other governmental approval is required.

Miscellaneous. If any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with, or cannot be fully enforced under, the law, such provision will be construed as limited to the extent necessary to be consistent with and fully enforceable under the law. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive agreement between the parties relating to GroqFlow Software and supersedes any previous or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, and representations with respect to its subject matter. There are no third party beneficiaries, express or implied, to this Agreement. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorized officer of Groq. This Agreement, and Licensee’s rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by Licensee without Groq’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon assignees.
